just about ready to run scene advantage
it gives the signal Shane Ryan has the
button case ply they're racing in the
good Alton mile and second summer and
barrier were both slow to move triple
nine drop back shortly after the break
heavy metal came out very quickly North
America began well gifted master passed
away and that tree our jousting for the
lead North America in front of the
course proper twelve hundred meters out
hips in master holds the inside heavy
metal a neck away running third and
sharp as dagger is a neck away running
fourth and he's out four wide with
eleven hundred meters left to travel a
breaking three of the half links to win
a jar one to Ross on the inside and
Storm Iselle and thin one to ferry on
the inside of love Bernardin
three-quarters of a length - bitch - oh
the length of the half calf bougie
jacket second summary second last and
triple knives I like them to half away
as the tables of feels they let the
first quarter behind in twenty three two
and a half eight forty five point five
they're whizzing along and sharp as
Tigger ass deep on the dragon gone up to
tackle heavy middle North America on the
rail mate with the log gifted master
flying the white flag Ross to the
outside with the American shot as Tigger
took over past the quarter Pole founded
two lengths in front rough running into
second spot is giving chase second
Devils cut from a mile back to move
discern and then barrier
take her in front seconds uh he's coming
after him he went back to the inside
gentlemen nigga second summer Russell me
outside three of them second summer and
Russ second summer second summer
Watson's done it against me
I can open my old a rectangle second sir
as one drop rosten's effects occur and
they drew will clear and pitch Gerald
barrier kabuki darker image are a long
jet to North America heavy metal further
back gifted master triple mind and
Laguna Dean came in last of all last
year it was one two three
not quite